Feature/pulsar: Add tenant namespace and backoff doc (#1930)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-pulsar.md

| persistent          | N  | Pulsar supports two kind of topics: [persistent](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/concepts-architecture-overview#persistent-storage) and [non-persistent](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/concepts-messaging/#non-persistent-topics). With persistent topics, all messages are durably persisted on disks (if the broker is not standalone, messages are durably persisted on multiple disks), whereas data for non-persistent topics is not persisted to storage disks. Note: the default retry behavior is to retry until it succeeds, so when you use a non-persistent theme, you can reduce or prohibit retries by defining `backOffMaxRetries` to `0`. Default: `"true"` | `"true"`, `"false"`
| backOffPolicy              | N        | Retry policy, `"constant"` is a backoff policy that always returns the same backoff delay. `"exponential"` is a backoff policy that increases the backoff period for each retry attempt using a randomization function that grows exponentially. Defaults to `"constant"`. | `constant`、`exponential` |

> | backOffDuration            | N        | The fixed interval only takes effect when the policy is constant. There are two valid formats, one is the fraction with a unit suffix format, and the other is the pure digital format that will be processed as milliseconds. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h". Defaults to `"5s"`. | `"5s"`、`"5000"`                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| backOffDuration            | N        | The fixed interval only takes effect when the `backOffpolicy` is `"constant"`. There are two valid formats, one is the fraction with a unit suffix format, and the other is the pure digital format that is processed as milliseconds. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h". Defaults to `"5s"`. | `"5s"`、`"5000"`                  |
```

Author: done.

> | backOffInitialInterval     | N        | The backoff initial interval on retry. Only takes effect when the policy is exponential. There are two valid formats, one is the fraction with a unit suffix format, and the other is the pure digital format that will be processed as milliseconds. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h". Defaults to `"500"`                         | `"50"`                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| backOffInitialInterval     | N        | The backoff initial interval on retry. Only takes effect when the `backOffpolicy` is `"exponential"`. There are two valid formats, one is the fraction with a unit suffix format, and the other is the pure digital format that is processed as milliseconds. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h". Defaults to `"500"`                         | `"50"`                       |
```

Author: done.

> | backOffMaxInterval         | N        | The backoff initial interval on retry. Only takes effect when the policy is exponential. There are two valid formats, one is the fraction with a unit suffix format, and the other is the pure digital format that will be processed as milliseconds. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h". Defaults to `"60s"`     | `"60000"`                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| backOffMaxInterval         | N        | The backoff initial interval on retry. Only takes effect when the `backOffpolicy` is `"exponential"`. There are two valid formats, one is the fraction with a unit suffix format, and the other is the pure digital format that is processed as milliseconds. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h". Defaults to `"60s"`     | `"60000"`                     |
```

Author: done.

| backOffMaxRetries          | N        | The maximum number of retries to process the message before returning an error. Defaults to `"0"` which means the component will not retry processing the message. `"-1"` will retry indefinitely until the message is processed or the application is shutdown. Any positive number is treated as the maximum retry count. | `"3"` |
| backOffRandomizationFactor | N        | Randomization factor, between 1 and 0, including 0 but not 1. Randomized interval = RetryInterval * (1 ± backOffRandomizationFactor). Defaults to `"0.5"`.                 | `"0.5"`                       |
| backOffMultiplier          | N        | Backoff multiplier for the policy. Increments the interval by multiplying it with the multiplier. Defaults to `"1.5"`         | `"1.5"`      |

> | backOffMaxElapsedTime      | N        | After MaxElapsedTime the ExponentialBackOff returns Stop. There are two valid formats, one is the fraction with a unit suffix format, and the other is the pure digital format that will be processed as milliseconds. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h". Defaults to `"15m"` | `"15m"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| backOffMaxElapsedTime      | N        | After MaxElapsedTime the ExponentialBackOff returns Stop. There are two valid formats, one is the fraction with a unit suffix format, and the other is the pure digital format that is processed as milliseconds. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h". Defaults to `"15m"` | `"15m"` |
```

Author: done.
